---
title: i161_model essay
date: '2009-01-24T05:58:52+00:00'
tags:
- 日记
draft: false
legacyDir: 2009-01-24-i161_model-essay
---



In general, I agree with this assertion that intense media always serves to diminsh the reputation of society' would-be heroes, for the chief reason that it seems to be the nature of media to look for ways to demean public figures -- whether heroic or not. Moreover, while in isolated cases our so-called heros have vindicated themselves and restored their reputations diminished by media, in my observation these are exceptional cases to the general rule that once slanderde, the reputation of any public figure, hero or otherwise, is forever tarnished.
The chief reason why I generally agree with the statement has to do with the forces that motivate the media in the first place. The media generally consist of profit-seeking entities, whose chief objective is to maximize profits for their shareholders or other owners. Moreover, our corporate culture has sanctioned this objective by codifying it as a fiduciary obligation of any corporate executive. For better or worse, in our society media viewers, reader, and listeners find information about the misfortunes and misdeeds of others, especially heroic public figures, far more compelling than information about their virtues and accomplishments. In short, we love a good scandal. One need llok no further than the newsstand, local television news bordcast, or talkshow to find ample evidence that this is the case. Thus, in order to maximize the profit the media are simply giving the public what the demand-- scrutiny of heroic public figures that serves to diminish their reputation.
A second reason why I fundamentally agree with the satement is that again for better or worse, intense media scrutiny raises a presumption, at least in the public's collective mind, that their hero is guilty of some sort character flaw or misdeed. This presumption is understandable. After all, I think any demographic study would show that the vast majority of people relying on mainstream media for their information lack the sort of critical-thingking skills and objectivity to see beyond what the media feeds them, and to render a fair and fully informed judgement about a public figure -- heroic or otherwise.
A third reason for my agreement with the statment has to do with the longer-term fallout from intense media scrutiny and the presumption discussed above. Once tarnished as a result of intense media scrutiny, a person;s reputation is forever besmirched, regardless of the merits or motives of the scrutinizers. Those who disagree with this seemingly cynical viewpoint might cite cases in which public figures whose reputations had been tarnished were ultimately vindicated. For example, certain celebrities have successfully challenged rag sheets such as National Enquirer in the courts, winning large damage awards for libel. Yet, in my observation these are exceptional cased; besides, a dagmage award is no indication that the public has expunged from its collective memory a perception that the fallen hero is guilty of the alleged character flaw or peccadillo.
In sum, this statement is fundamentally correct. As long as the media are motivated by profit, and as long as the public at large demands stories that serve to discredit, diminish and destroy reputations, the media will continue to harm whichever unfortunate individuals become their cynosures. And the opportunity for vindication is little consolation in a society that seems to thrive, and even feed, on watching heroes being knocked off their pedestals.
