---
title: a200_20090113_modify
date: '2009-01-13T11:41:26+00:00'
tags:
- 日记
draft: false
legacyDir: 2009-01-13-a200_20090113
---



TOPIC:Statistics collected from dentists indicate that three times more men
than women faint while visiting the dentist. This evidence suggests that
men are more likely to be distressed about having dental work done than
women are. Thus, dentists who advertise to attract patients should target
the male consumer and emphasize both the effectiveness of their anesthetic
techniques and the sensitivity of their staff to nervous or suffering
patients.

W:

The arguer attempts to convince us that the advertisement of dentists should target the male consumer and emphasize both the effectiveness of their anesthetic techniques and should focus on the effectiveness of anestheitc technique and the sensitivity to patients suffering from pain caused by dental work. The major assumptions underlying this argument are the statistics collected from dentists which show that three times more men than women faint while visiting the dentist. While this argument has some merits, several critical flaws seriously undermine the line of reasoning.

In the first place, samples for the survey should be statistically reliable. Unfortunately, from the survey we find little sign of such procedures for sampling--the arguer does not provide enough information on the basic number of this statistics form dentists, ohterwise a disproportionate number of male patients contribute to the statistics, thus doubting whether the respondents constitute a sufficiently large sample so as to be representative of the overall population of the dental patients. Unless the author can substantiate this assumption that advertisement should target the male patients, he cannot merely rely on such stattistics to draw the conclusion about dental patients.

In the seconde place, the author commit a fallacy of hasty generalization. Even if man are easier faint than women, it does not follow that men are more likely to be distressed about having dental work done than women are. It is highly possible other factors may have contributed to this phenomenon, such as light of dentist's office, or comfort of bed. The reason fewer women faint than men just probably is that they could sooner acclimate to the enviroment of dental clinic rather than men far from that the female patients are more difficultly suffering from pain or less sensitive to dental work than male patients. Without ruling out these possibilities, I can't hard-pressed agree with the author on the effectiveness of anesthetic techniques.
For instance, men are tend to tolerant while suffering from pain. Women, however, are more likely yelp and may tell the dentist to stop. Thus, prevent them from suffering excessive pain.(bad example)

What further weakens the argument is the importance of advertisement may be not the same as which is accepted by dentists. Actually, the arguer provides no evidence that proposed advertising techniques is of help to attract more male patients, perhaps it is more likely that it is the female patients think a lot of the sensitivity of clinic staff to nervous or suffering patients. Maybe fewer men than women notice the advertisement of dentist player in TV or certain billboards in avenue.

To sum up, the conclusion lacks credibility because the evidence cited in the analysis does not lend strong support to what the arguer maintains. To strengthen the argument, the arguer would have to provide more evidences about the possibilities mentioned above.

The arguer attempts to convince us that dentists should target the male consumer and emphasize both the effectiveness of their anesthetic techniques and the sensitivity of their staff to nervous or treat patients. The major assumptions underlying this argument are: statistics shows that three times more men than women faint while visiting the dentist. While this argument has some merits, several critical flaws seriously undermine the line of reasoning.
In the first place, samples for the survey should be statistically reliable. Unfortunately, from the survey we find little sign of such procedures for sampling, thus doubting whether the respondents constitute a sufficiently large sample so as to be representative of the overall population of the circumstance.
In the seconde place, the author commit a fallacy of hasty generalization. Even if man are easier faint than women, it does not follow that men are more likely to be distressed about having dental work done than women are. It is highly possible other factors may have contributed to this phenomenon. For instance, men are tend to tolerant while suffering in pain. Women, however, are more likely yelp and may tell the dentist to stop. Thus, prevent them from suffering excessive pain.
What further weakens the argument is: it is more likely that it is the women think a lot of the sensitivity of clinic staff to nervous or suffering patients.
To sum up, the conclusion lacks credibility because the evidence cited in the analysis does not lend strong support to what the arguer maintains. To strengthen the argument, the arguer would have to provide more evidence concerning how statistics collected from the dentists. To better evaluate the argument, we would need more information regarding the connection between the faint of patients and the distress they suffered.
