---
title: a137_20090203
date: '2009-02-03T16:42:41+00:00'
tags:
- 日记
draft: false
legacyDir: 2009-02-03-a137_20090203
---



TOPIC: ARGUMENT137 - The following appeared in an editorial in the Mason City newspaper.

"At present, Mason City residents seldom use the nearby Mason River for any kind of recreational activity, even though surveys of the region's residents consistently rank water sports (swimming, fishing, and boating) as a favorite form of recreation. Since there have been complaints about the quality of the water in the river, residents must be avoiding the river because they think that it is not clean enough. But that situation is about to change: the agency responsible for rivers in our region has announced plans to clean up Mason River. Therefore, recreational use of the river is likely to increase, so the Mason City council will need to increase its budget for improvements to the publicly owned lands along the Mason River."
WORDS: 299 TIME: 0:45:00 DATE: 2009-2-3

In this argument, the arguer concludes that Manson City council will need to increase its budget for improvements to the publicly owned lands along the Mason River. The arguer points out that an agency in this region has announced plans to clean up Mason River, and the dirty water is the main reason why people around the city avoid using the nearby Mason River for any kind of recreational activity. This argument suffers from several critical fallacies.
In the first place, this argument assumes that if the water quality of Mason River raises, more people will come for swimming, fishing and boating in the river. However, this is not necessarily the case. Perhaps there are other reasons why citizens seldom use the nearby Mason River for recreational activity -- despite the water pollution. For example, this river may have a complex water environment or many swirls in the river. In such kind of river, swimming and boating must be dangerous. In addition, this river may just be close to a certain noisy market, and people who like to go fishing cannot have a good position to throw the fishhook and enjoy the peaceful environment. Therefore, the residents seldom use the nearby Mason River for any kind of recreational activity due to the poor quality of the water is an unwarranted assumption.
In the second place, this argument gives no data to convince me that after publishing the announcement; recreational use of the river is likely to increase. In fact, it may take a lone time to raise the water quality of this river, and the final result is not clear at this time. It has the possibility that the residents may still not be satisfied with the quality of the water after the water cleanness. Thus, without giving more imformation, there is no need to be hasty and conclude that the Mason City council will need to increase its budget for improvements to the publicly owned lands along the Mason River.
In conclusion, this argument lacks credibility because the evidence cited in the analysis does not give strong support to what the argument maintains. To strengthen the argument, more necessary data and evidence must be provided.
