---
title: 这篇写的太好了，转载一下
date: '2009-03-09T23:57:13+00:00'
tags:
- 日记
draft: false
legacyDir: 2009-03-09-e8bf99e7af87e58699e79a84e5a4aae5a5bde4ba86efbc8ce8bdace8bdbde4b880e4b88b
---



我什么时候能够写成这样哎....

<!-- more -->

51. "Education will be truly effective only when it is specifically designed to meet the individual needs and interests of each student."
教育只有被专门设计来满足每一个学生个人需求和兴趣的时候才是真正有效率的。
少数和多数
Three hundred years ago, an English poet, Alexander Pope, wrote the lines:
Nature, and Nature’s laws
Lay hid in sight;
God said, let Newton be! And
All was light.
This momentous epitaph came as an encouraging torch to mankind who had wandered in the valley of ignorance. It came as an exciting aurora leading to the “Age of Reason”. Three hundred years later, however, some essential reasons are now still blowing in the wind, rather than taking root in all men’s hearts. Among them is the crucial idea-the individual needs and interests of students in the process of education.
Genuine education, demonstrated by Descartes, Newton and Maxwell in the way of their own times, should be live to this Montaignesque motto:” We are born to seek and quest after truth.” That is to say, the individual desire and interest is the part-and-parcel in the process of inculcation. There is no normative way to instill knowledge, because each student starts from different background, possesses different aptitude, and bounds to different destination. However, we have to face the tragic fact that mankind, to some extent, are losing their vigor, little by little, before the formulated education. One need no further to look at the so called” obedient education”, which pervades in the Asian countries such as China and Japan, imparting the absolute authority of teacher while relegating students to passive recipients. It is indisputable that this asymmetrical teacher-student relationship will loom to profane the quintessence of education by rendering it to information cramming. Without interest, students were forced to swallow innumerable facts, confess their validity and forget them after exams. Without interest, learners were bereft of the freedom to imagine, the ability to ask questions and the chances to modify the old theories. Without interest, how could our civilization, the Age of Reason, make progress?
Nonetheless, it is impossible to meet all the needs and interests of each student but relatively actualize a significant proportion. Education, like other mundane objects, is subject to the limited resources in the form of funding, locality, the competence of both the faculty and the learner, the development of culture and event religious belief and ideology. Moreover, supposing if a student has no interest in the field of moral study, should he school abolish all the morality courses? Or if the student is obsessed just with technical learning, should the school revolves around only the job-oriented courses while ignores the liberal arts which teachers the basic life skills such as critical thinking, comprehensive analysis and selective absorption. Therefore, over-emphasizing on individual interests will forfeit the original purpose of education. Francis Bacon once put it:” Histories make men wise, poems witty, the mathematics subtle, natural philosophy deep, moral grave, logic and rhetoric able to contend.” This lends strong credence to justify the rights for school to require students to dabble the kaleidoscopic inquires by virtue of espousing to designed curriculum rather than arbitrarily decide what they would like to exclusively delve into merely on the basis of their visceral impulses. Otherwise, education is by no means to make a full man but a crippled mind.
Given the paramount role education plays on individual as well as society, good teaching accompanied with synergies of parents and community, will undoubtedly bring significant implications of students’ adult life and function them decently in society. To name a few, the process of identifying gifted children, the animated class abounded in free discussion, offering a excess of optional curriculum and extra-curriculum including fraternity, sorority, sports, volunteers in social activities, all these conduce to satisfy the coveted appetites and individualism of students.
In sum, striking a balance between constraint conditions and personal interests, education will stretch out the antennae of human creation to explore a sage world. At that time, mankind will be conveying new meanings of Shakespeare’s lines:” beauty of the world, paragon of animals!”
